Race: Dwarf
Description: Bold and hardy, dwarves are known for their skilled craftsmanship and their ability to endure in harsh environments.
Racial Traits: Darkvision, Dwarven Resilience, Dwarven Combat Training, Stonecunning
Ability Score Modifier: Constitution +2

Race: Elf
Description: Elves are a magical people of otherworldly grace, living in the world but not entirely part of it.
Racial Traits: Darkvision, Keen Senses, Fey Ancestry, Trance
Ability Score Modifier: Dexterity +2, Intelligence +1

Race: Halfling
Description: The diminutive halflings survive in a world full of larger creatures by avoiding notice or, barring that, avoiding offense.
Racial Traits: Lucky, Brave, Halfling Nimbleness
Ability Score Modifier: Dexterity +2

Race: Human
Description: Humans are the most adaptable and ambitious people among the common races. Whatever drives them, humans are the innovators, the achievers, and the pioneers of the worlds.
Racial Traits: Extra Language
Ability Score Modifier: All Abilities +1

Race: Dragonborn
Description: Born of dragons, as their name proclaims, the dragonborn walk proudly through a world that greets them with fearful incomprehension.
Racial Traits: Draconic Ancestry, Breath Weapon, Damage Resistance
Ability Score Modifier: Strength +2, Charisma +1

Race: Gnome
Description: A gnome’s energy and enthusiasm for living shines through every inch of his or her tiny body.
Racial Traits: Darkvision, Gnome Cunning
Ability Score Modifier: Intelligence +2

Race: Half-Elf
Description: Half-elves combine what some say are the best qualities of their elf and human parents.
Racial Traits: Darkvision, Fey Ancestry, Skill Versatility
Ability Score Modifier: Charisma +2, Two Other Abilities +1

Race: Half-Orc
Description: Half-orcs’ grayish pigmentation, sloping foreheads, jutting jaws, prominent teeth, and towering builds make their orcish heritage plain for all to see.
Racial Traits: Darkvision, Menacing, Relentless Endurance, Savage Attacks
Ability Score Modifier: Strength +2, Constitution +1

Race: Tiefling
Description: To be greeted with stares and whispers, to suffer violence and insult on the street, to see mistrust and fear in every eye; this is the lot of the tiefling.
Racial Traits: Darkvision, Hellish Resistance, Infernal Legacy
Ability Score Modifier: Intelligence +1, Charisma +2
